Added further options (#162)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/OpenClipboard.md

# Open Clipboard

> _OpenClipboard_ is a sandbox setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md) available since v0.7.5 / 5.49.8. It allows for clipboard access for a sandbox to be disabled. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_OpenClipboard_ is a sandbox setting in [Sandboxie Ini](SandboxieIni.md) available since v0.7.5 / 5.49.8. It allows to disable clipboard access for a sandbox. For example:
```

```
   .
   .
   .
   [DefaultBox]
   OpenClipboard=n
```

> Related Sandboxie Plus setting: Sandbox Options > General Options > Restrictions > Block read access to clipboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Related Sandboxie Plus setting: Sandbox Options > General Options > Restrictions > Block read access to the clipboard
```
